Now that were only showing published articles.
Let's show the publication date and time next to each article.
This will use the AITs email time element.
This element is used to semantically mark-up a date and optional time.
Let's add this element.
After the article title on the index page and inside will echo out the published at attributes of the
article.
This displays the published date and time in the format that it's stored in the database year month
day hour minute second.
This isn't a very friendly far Matt.
So let's form at it differently.
To do this.
First we need to convert this value which is a string into a date time object the date time class constructor
accepts the my s keywell are Maria idb date time format as a valid date time string.
So instead of just echoing out this value first we'll create a new date time object passing in the value
to the object constructor.
We can then use the format method on the date time object to get a formatted date string.
The format is a string containing letters that represent different parts of the date.
So we can call this method passing in options to display the day full month name and year echoing out
the return string.
Now the date is shown in a much more user friendly format.
This isn't as machine readable though.
For example by a search engine that might be crawling the site plus were no longer displaying the time.
The time element has an optional date time attribute where we can put a machine readable date time value.
So let's add this attribute.
Echoing out the original unchanged value that's coming from the database as this is a valid date and
time string.
As far as the time element is concerned.
Now in the index the user is shown the friendly value whereas the time element includes the full value
in the date time attribute.
Let's add this same information to the individual article page.
Will copy the time element.
We just added
and paste it in the individual article page after the title.
Looking at the title notes how were getting the article data from the first elements of the array.
So we need to add this index to where we're getting the published at attribute.
Now the published at details are shown on the individual article page 2 with the full value in the date
time attribute of the time element.